---
layout: work-item
title: 221A
client: 221A
client_link: https://221a.ca/
role: Consultant
when: "2025"
where: V﻿ancouver
date: 2025-07-02T21:02:29.744Z
categories: consulting
tags:
  - fundraising
  - culture
  - space
thumbnail: /assets/uploads/222crosssection-1024x663.jpg
---
221A is a non-profit cultural organization based on unceded xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh (Squamish), and səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh) territory, that provides housing, studio spaces, funding, and resources that support artist research, creation, and presentation within contemporary art and culture. 221A focuses on improving the conditions of low-income Black, Indigenous and racialized artists and communities, creating new tools for a more sustainable and accessible cultural sector, and contributing to public knowledge and dialogue on the historical and intellectual conditions of art and design.

2﻿21A is the founder of a networked cultural land trust model, currently underway in Vancouver. T﻿he project facilitates community acquisition and management of land through which long-term, below-market leases and pathways to ownership can be provided to artists and charitable organizations, with a focus on BIPOC tenants. 

Among other projects, 221A is also collaborating with the Yee Fung Toy Society to develop a mixed-use community-based cultural hub in Chinatown low-income housing for seniors and artists, featuring specialized production and presentation spaces. The space is being designed to foster intergenerational exchange and create a long-term partnership model for community-owned assets.  

O﻿ur engagement included:

Research, coaching, and consultation to inform the development of the organization's private fundraising strategy. Deliverables included an internal audit, external scan, preliminary prospecting, strategic and tactical recommendations.  

Surveyed capacity and potential for 221A’s fundraising program, with a focus around the next 1-3 fiscal years. Outputs included:

* Development of strategy and goals, including data and process to set fundraising 25-26 targets 
* Support with the customization and integration of processes and practices
* Developing key analytics